docs: update composio bundle page (#9442)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Integrations/Composio/integrations-composio.mdx

Depending on the components you use, you may need additional API keys, such as an OpenAI, Google, or GitHub.

For information about specific Composio functionality, see the [Composio documentation](https://docs.composio.dev/introduction/intro/overview).

## Use a Composio Gmail component in a flow

Connect a Composio **Gmail** component to an **Agent** component to enable your agent to use Gmail functionality.
Other Composio tools will connect the same way, and use the same parameters, but may require different API keys in Composio.

1. In Langflow, create a flow based on the **Simple Agent** template.

2. Add a Composio **Gmail** component to the flow.

3. Connect the **Agent** component's **Tools** port to the Composio **Gmail** component's **Tools** port.

4. In the **Agent** component, enter your OpenAI API key or configure the **Agent** component to use a different LLM.
5. In the **Composio API Key** field, enter your Composio API key, or select the `COMPOSIO_API_KEY` [global variable](/configuration-global-variables).
6. In the Composio **Gmail** component, enable **Tool Mode**.

> The **Actions** field populates with the actions available to the Agent, which it will choose from based on your request.

Reviewer: I think steps 5 & 6 should be after step 2.

>     At this point your flow has three connected components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At this point your flow has four connected components:
```

Chat output is the 4th

    ![Simple Agent flow with a Composio Tools component](/img/composio/composio-create-flow.png)

8. To test the connection to Composio, click **Playground**, and then ask the LLM about the tools available to it.
The agent should provide a list of connected tools, including the **Gmail** tool and the built-in tools in the **Agent** component.

    ```text
    User:
    What tools are available to you?

    I have access to a variety of tools that allow me to help you with different tasks. Here are the main categories of tools available to me:

    1. Gmail Tools:
       - Fetch emails, search, and filter messages.
       - Fetch specific email details by message ID.
       - Create email drafts (with attachments, HTML, CC/BCC, etc.).
       - Delete email drafts or specific messages.

    2. Date & Time Tools:
       - Get the current date and time in any timezone.

    3. Multi-Tool Use:
       - Run multiple tools in parallel for efficiency.

    If you have a specific task in mind, let me know and I can tell you which tool I would use or demonstrate how I can help!
    ```

> 9. To test a specific action, tell the agent to perform an action like writing a draft email:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. To test a specific tool or function, tell the agent to perform an action like writing a draft email:
```

Instead of juggling multiple integrations and components in your flow, connect Composio components to an **Agent** component to use all of Composio's supported APIs and actions as tools for your agent.

> The Composio bundle includes a **Composio Tools** component that provides access to all Composio tools through a unified interface.

Reviewer: ➕  I think it depends on your composio api key.

> The Composio bundle includes a **Composio Tools** component that provides access to all Composio tools through a unified interface.

Reviewer: Also, the description of the Composio Tools component needs to specify that it _only_ outputs `Tool`, and it can _only_ be used with a Tools input (which is only on the main Agent component and a few other less-common agent components).

> Individual services like Gmail, GitHub, and Slack are also available as individual components, which authenticate and integrate with Composio the same way as the **Composio Tools** component.

Reviewer: I would argue for listing out the component names to avoid confusion with legacy components like GMail Loader and GCal Loader.

I haven't rewritten this page yet, but I was going to go for something like the LangChain page where each component has a dedicated reference section: https://docs.langflow.org/bundles-langchain

You don't have to go to that length right now, but, as I said, I would at least list the name and purpose of each component.

Depending on the components you use, you may also need additional access, such as an OpenAI API key, Gmail account, or GitHub account.

> ## Use the Composio Tools component in a flow

Reviewer 2: Ideally I would suggest to use the composio gmail specific component since tis experience is bit different from the composio tools.
And mostly composio tools component is something we are not actively developing.

Reviewer: ➕  Agree.

@mendonk :
If Composio Tools is legacy, then this example should use the individual components instead.

Or we should have examples of both a specialized component and tools. In the tools example, state that you should only use Composio Tools if there is no specialized component for your use case (either in the Composio bundle or otherwise).

Connect a **Composio Tools** component to an **Agent** component to enable your agent to use Gmail functionality.

> 1. In Langflow, create a Simple Agent starter flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Langflow, create a flow based on the **Simple Agent** template.
```

2. Add a **Composio Tools** component to the flow.

3. Connect the **Agent** component's **Tools** port to the **Composio Tools** component's **Tools** port.

4. In the **Agent** component, enter your OpenAI API key or configure the **Agent** component to use a different LLM.

> 5. In the **Composio API Key** field, enter your Composio API key.

Reviewer: I believe COMPOSIO_API_KEY is also a default environment variable that Langflow can auto-detect. (see configuration-global-varaibles.mdx).

You could add that to the "Authentication for Composio components" section.

6. In the **Tool Name** field, select the tool you want your agent to have access to.

>     For this example, select the **Gmail** tool to allow your agent to control an email account with the **Composio Tools** component.

Reviewer: This is confusing to me. why would you use "Composio Tools w/ Gmail tool" vs. the "Gmail component in Tool Mode"?

    }
    ```

10. For further confirmation, go to your Gmail account and find the message in your drafts folder.

11. To add more Composio actions, add more Composio components to your flow, and then connect them to the **Agent** component's **Tools** port.

For information about specific Composio functionality, see the [Composio documentation](https://docs.composio.dev/introduction/intro/overview).

> ### Composio tools parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Composio parameters
```

I am hesitant about the phrase "composio tools" because I thought there was a "Composio Tools" component and the individual components? Are there only individual components now?
